Just like in the previous challenge, you'll need to base64 decode the token
before you can begin to manipulate it.

Your goal is to craft a valid encrypted password reset token without knowledge
of the encryption key. The plaintext format of the token is exactly the same as
in the previous challenge.

Understanding the fundamental security flaw of AES in ECB mode is the key to
this challenge. Specifically: every 16 byte block of plaintext will always
encrypt to the exact same 16 byte block of ciphertext.

Here's what a single 16 byte block of plaintext might look like:

~~~
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
~~~

That's 16 'A' characters. Here's what three 16 byte blocks of plaintext look
like:

~~~
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
~~~

That's 16 'A' characters, followed by 16 'B' characters, followed by 16 'C'
characters. These examples deliberately have blocks full of the same character
to impress upon you that AES-ECB-128 works on 16 byte blocks. Real plaintext
can be whatever arbitrary bytes you like.

Now let's imagine that AES-ECB encrypts the first plaintext like this:

~~~
key       = 'A secret you don't know'
plaintext = 'AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA'
AES-ECB-128(plaintext, key) => 'ef3812kolkjd9324'
~~~

And in the same way, that it encrypts the next plaintext like this:

~~~
key       = 'A secret you don't know'
plaintext = 'AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC'
AES-ECB-128(plaintext, key) => 'ef3812kolkjd93249dj3bxc41sdt84dyju3s8dq8ndu2k0fg'
~~~

Ignore the key. It's irrelevant to this challenge and you don't need it to
break this application. Assume it's the same accross all password reset tokens.

Take a very close look at the generated ciphertexts above. Based on those,
could you figure out how to generate the ciphertext for this plaintext?

```
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
```

Now think about the password reset tokens and their format in light of this.
How could you use this knowledge to generate a valid token for
`j.osterman@watchmen.net`?
